DOCSP-15682 input config table (#76)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/configuration.txt

Input Configuration
--------------------

The following properties for reading from MongoDB are available:

.. note::

>    If you are using ``SparkConf``, prefix ``spark.mongodb.input.`` to
>    each property.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I like what you've done to streamline, but I think we've lost a little bit of context. Perhaps:
```suggestion
   If you use ``SparkConf`` to set the connector's input configurations, 
   prefix ``spark.mongodb.input.`` to each property.
```

   * - ``uri``

     - Required. The connection string of the form
       ``mongodb://host:port/``. The ``host`` can be a hostname, IP
       address, or UNIX domain socket. If the connection string doesn't
       specify a ``port``, it uses the default MongoDB port, ``27017``.

       You can append the other remaining input options to the ``uri``
       setting. See :ref:`configure-input-uri`.

   * - ``database``

     - Required. The database name to read data from.

   * - ``collection``

     - Required. The collection name to read data from.

   * - ``localThreshold``

     - The number of milliseconds to take when choosing among multiple
       MongoDB servers to send a request.

       *Default*: 15 ms

   * - ``readPreference.name``

     - The name of the :ref:`ReadPreference

>        <replica-set-read-preference-modes>` to use.

Author: I removed the space because when you use the property, it's like that. But, I do agree that the space should be there for readability.

.. note::

   If you are using ``SparkConf``, prefix

>    ``spark.mongodb.input.partitionerOptions.`` to each property.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Since this is used so many times, I think we should make it an include. That way, if this needs to change again in the future, we only need to edit one place.

.. note::

   If you use ``SparkConf`` to set the connector's input configurations, 

>    prefix ``spark.mongodb.input.`` to the setting.

Reviewer: Change: Should be the include.

.. note::

   If you use ``SparkConf`` to set the connector's output configurations,

>    prefix ``spark.mongodb.output.`` to each property.

Reviewer: Change to the include.

.. note::

   If you use ``SparkConf`` to set the connector's output configurations,

>    prefix ``spark.mongodb.output.`` to the setting.

Reviewer: Change to the include.
